# Projects
Projects I have worked on, descending chronological order

## Metal artifact reduction of computed tomography using Transformers networks
Type: Research Project
Status: Ongoing
Year: 2020

Expose:
In this research project we investigate whether the artifacts described above can be reduced by a transformer network. The approach is an unsupervised representation learning for images where the missing pixels must be predicted by the model. This approach is promising to reduce artifacts in CBCT scans. CBCT (cone beam computed tomography) machines take in a circular orbit a high number of 2D X-ray projections and calculate a 3D-reconstruction of the target area of the human body \citep{CBCT}. This results in two different data sets: the single 2D CT-scans and the 3D-volume data of the reconstruction. Therefore both datasets are used in this project to see on which data a better reduction of artifacts can be achieved. To achieve this goal, an adequate transformer model must be realized and trained on the given data. The planned approach is that the areas with artifacts are masked and then replaced by the trained model. If the reconstruction and an associated reduction of artifacts is successful, it will also be necessary to validate whether the new data is useful from a medical point of view.

## Text Summarization using neural models based on online articles of the Süddeutschen Zeitung

Type: Master Project
Status: Finished
Year: 2020

Abstract:
In this project a neural model for the extractive generation of summaries of German news articles was developed.  The data set consists of online articles of the SZ-Zeitung, where the ground truth labels were generated from introductory headwords. The model uses a pre-trained BERT encoder to calculate a sentence and document representation. Depending on the approach of the Dataloader, either sentence tokens or the entire document is encoded with BERT.  By averaging this coding, the document representation is calculated.  For the sentence representations the corresponding sentences are masked and averaged. Both flow into a classifier, which learns the probabilities of belonging to the summary. The model achieved an F1 score of 0.26 on validation data compared to the Lead3 Baseline of 0.13 of the data set used here. A manual evaluation of the results showed that the S ̈atze selected by the model can be compared with the generated ground-truth summaries of the keywords.


## Analysing News about political parties in German Online Media

Type: Master Project
Status: Finished
Year: 2019

Abstract:
In this project a neural model for the extractive generation of summaries of German news articles was developed. The data set consists online articles of the Suddeutschen Zeitung, where the ground-truth labels were generated from introductory keywords. The model uses a pre-trained BERT encoder to calculate a sentence and document representation. Depending on the approach of the data loader, either sentence tokens or the entire document is encoded with BERT.  The document repr ̈asentation is calculated by averaging this code.  F ̈ur the sentence repr ̈asentationen the corresponding S ̈atze are masked and averaged. Both flow into a Classifier, which learns the probabilities to the access ̈origkeit to the summary. The model achieved an F1 score of 0.26 on va-lidation data compared to the Lead3Baseline of 0.13 of the data set used here. A manual evaluation of the results has shown that the ground truth summaries of the key points generated by the model can be compared with the ̈ahlten S ̈atze summaries.


## Guided Museum tours with a context-based language assistant

Type: Bachelor Thesis
Status: Finished
Year: 2019

Abstract:
The present thesis wants to show a new innovative approach for a digital language
assistant in museums. It therefore examines what the digital environment of museums
in Germany looks like and what wishes visitors have for mobile applications. It
is analysed how language assistants in general work, which components the architecture
consists of and how the museum assistant can interact with the user. Based
on these results, the museum assistant will be designed and developed. The museum
assistant will be tested using the example of Wehrtechnische Studiensammlung
in Koblenz (Germany). The developed prototype demonstrates that such a museum
assistant can be put into good practice. The museum assistant can lead to a higher
customer satisfaction, which is certainly reflected in the increase of the frequency
of museum visits.
